CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to contribute

## Open an issue

Feel free to open an issue - no matter whether you found a bug, would like to request a feature or have questions.

1. Please check existing open and closed issues first and feel free to comment and re-open them.
   Existing issues are available at https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/issues .
2. Create a new issue at https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/issues/new .
3. Use a meaningful title.
4. Provide enough context, a concrete use case and steps to reproduce bugs.

## Contributing code and documentation

1. Create a fork of the repository.
   You need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/join).
2. Create a new branch holding your changes.
3. Apply your changes.
4. Commit your changes following the [TYPO3 git commit conventions](https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/guide-contributionworkflow/main/en-us/Appendix/CommitMessage.html#commitmessage).
   The only relevant difference is that we do not use the `Releases` or `Change-Id` metadata.
5. Push your changes.
6. Open a pull request.

Some pull requests can not be merged quickly.
In cases where the changes cannot be merged quickly, we consider the original author responsible for keeping their PR branches up to by rebasing.

Please also have a look at the documented [contribution workflow for GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects).

Commit message:

Add code of conduct to contribution file

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to contribute

## Code of Conduct

This project uses the
[TYPO3 Code of Conduct](https://typo3.org/community/values/code-of-conduct).

When you contribute to this project or interact with community members,
you agree to adhere to this code of conduct.

## Open an issue

Feel free to open an issue - no matter whether you found a bug, would like to request a feature or have questions.

1. Please check existing open and closed issues first and feel free to comment and re-open them.
   Existing issues are available at https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/issues .
2. Create a new issue at https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/issues/new .
3. Use a meaningful title.
4. Provide enough context, a concrete use case and steps to reproduce bugs.

## Contributing code and documentation

1. Create a fork of the repository.
   You need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/join).
2. Create a new branch holding your changes.
3. Apply your changes.
4. Commit your changes following the [TYPO3 git commit conventions](https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/guide-contributionworkflow/main/en-us/Appendix/CommitMessage.html#commitmessage).
   The only relevant difference is that we do not use the `Releases` or `Change-Id` metadata.
5. Push your changes.
6. Open a pull request.

Some pull requests can not be merged quickly.
In cases where the changes cannot be merged quickly, we consider the original author responsible for keeping their PR branches up to by rebasing.

Please also have a look at the documented [contribution workflow for GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/contributing-to-projects).
