README.md, before:

# Example TYPO3 extension for code quality checks and automated tests

[![TYPO3 V12](https://img.shields.io/badge/TYPO3-12-orange.svg)](https://get.typo3.org/version/12)
[![TYPO3 V11](https://img.shields.io/badge/TYPO3-11-orange.svg)](https://get.typo3.org/version/11)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/TYPO3-Documentation/tea)](https://packagist.org/packages/ttn/tea)
[![Total downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/ttn/tea/downloads.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/ttn/tea)
[![GitHub CI status](https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/actions)
[![GitLab CI status](https://gitlab.typo3.org/qa/example-extension/badges/main/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.typo3.org/qa/example-extension/-/pipelines)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/TYPO3-Documentation/tea/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/TYPO3-Documentation/tea?branch=main)

This TYPO3 extension, based on Extbase and Fluid, is an example of best
practices in automated code checks, unit/functional/acceptance testing and
continuous integration.

You can also use this extension to manage your collection of delicious teas.

|                  | URL                                                |
|------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| **Repository:**  | https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea         |
| **Read online:** | https://docs.typo3.org/p/ttn/tea/main/en-us/       |
| **TER:**         | https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/tea/        |
| **Slack:**       | https://typo3.slack.com/channels/qa-best-practices |

## Presentation at the TYPO3 Online Days 2021

At the TYPO3 Online Days 2021, [Oliver Klee](https://www.oliverklee.de/) held a
session where her presented our approach for automating the code quality of
extensions.

### Slides

[![cover slide](https://files.speakerdeck.com/presentations/e81870d463e84158afb9f93398ed062b/preview_slide_0.jpg?19017900)](https://speakerdeck.com/oliverklee/automating-the-code-quality-of-your-extensions)

### Video recording

[![video still](https://img.youtube.com/vi/_oe8ku2GM84/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/_oe8ku2GM84?t=6983)

Commit message:

[TASK] Document philosophy of alignment with TYPO3 CMS Core
Resolves: #1237

README.md, after:

# Example TYPO3 extension for code quality checks and automated tests

[![TYPO3 V12](https://img.shields.io/badge/TYPO3-12-orange.svg)](https://get.typo3.org/version/12)
[![TYPO3 V11](https://img.shields.io/badge/TYPO3-11-orange.svg)](https://get.typo3.org/version/11)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/TYPO3-Documentation/tea)](https://packagist.org/packages/ttn/tea)
[![Total downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/ttn/tea/downloads.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/ttn/tea)
[![GitHub CI status](https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea/actions)
[![GitLab CI status](https://gitlab.typo3.org/qa/example-extension/badges/main/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.typo3.org/qa/example-extension/-/pipelines)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/TYPO3-Documentation/tea/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/TYPO3-Documentation/tea?branch=main)

This TYPO3 extension, based on Extbase and Fluid, is an example of best
practices in automated code checks, unit/functional/acceptance testing and
continuous integration.

You can also use this extension to manage your collection of delicious teas.

|                  | URL                                                |
|------------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| **Repository:**  | https://github.com/FriendsOfTYPO3/tea         |
| **Read online:** | https://docs.typo3.org/p/ttn/tea/main/en-us/       |
| **TER:**         | https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/tea/        |
| **Slack:**       | https://typo3.slack.com/channels/qa-best-practices |

## Philosophies

The following is a list of our code and technical philosophies only.
https://typo3.org/community/teams/best-practices provides an overview on how we work in general.

### Align with TYPO3 core

We align all decisions with the TYPO3 core, whenever applicable.
TYPO3 itself is a mono repository and sometimes needs to make different decisions.
We document all divergences within Documentation/DivergencesToTypo3Core/.

## Presentation at the TYPO3 Online Days 2021

At the TYPO3 Online Days 2021, [Oliver Klee](https://www.oliverklee.de/) held a
session where her presented our approach for automating the code quality of
extensions.

### Slides

[![cover slide](https://files.speakerdeck.com/presentations/e81870d463e84158afb9f93398ed062b/preview_slide_0.jpg?19017900)](https://speakerdeck.com/oliverklee/automating-the-code-quality-of-your-extensions)

### Video recording

[![video still](https://img.youtube.com/vi/_oe8ku2GM84/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/_oe8ku2GM84?t=6983)
