Documentation/Introduction.rst, before:

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

.. _introduction:

============
Introduction
============

.. _what-it-does:

What does it do?
================

This TYPO3 extension, based on Extbase and Fluid, is an example of best
practices in automated code checks, unit/functional/acceptance testing and
continuous integration (CI).

.. _presentation-online-days-2021:

Presentation at the TYPO3 Online Days 2021
==========================================

At the TYPO3 Online Days 2021, `Oliver Klee <https://www.oliverklee.de/>`__
held a session presenting our approach to automate extension code quality.
Have a look at the slides and the video of the presentation!

.. container:: row m-0 p-0

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header h3

            .. rubric:: Slides

         .. container:: card-body

            .. image:: /Images/SlidesCover.jpg
               :target: https://speakerdeck.com/oliverklee/automating-the-code-quality-of-your-extensions

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header h3

            .. rubric:: Video

         .. container:: card-body

            .. image:: /Images/VideoCover.jpg
               :target: https://youtu.be/_oe8ku2GM84?t=6983

Commit message:

[TASK] Document that this is not a kickstarter package (#745)
Resolves #407

Documentation/Introduction.rst, after:

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

.. _introduction:

============
Introduction
============

.. _what-it-does:

What does it do?
================

This TYPO3 extension, based on Extbase and Fluid, is an example of best
practices in automated code checks, unit/functional/acceptance testing and
continuous integration (CI).

.. note::

   This is not a kickstarter extension.

   This extension should not be used to kickstart other extensions.
   Instead, this extension should serve as an example for best practices.
   Use `EXT:extension_builder <https://extensions.typo3.org/extension/extension_builder>`__
   in order to kickstart a new extension.

.. _presentation-online-days-2021:

Presentation at the TYPO3 Online Days 2021
==========================================

At the TYPO3 Online Days 2021, `Oliver Klee <https://www.oliverklee.de/>`__
held a session presenting our approach to automate extension code quality.
Have a look at the slides and the video of the presentation!

.. container:: row m-0 p-0

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header h3

            .. rubric:: Slides

         .. container:: card-body

            .. image:: /Images/SlidesCover.jpg
               :target: https://speakerdeck.com/oliverklee/automating-the-code-quality-of-your-extensions

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header h3

            .. rubric:: Video

         .. container:: card-body

            .. image:: /Images/VideoCover.jpg
               :target: https://youtu.be/_oe8ku2GM84?t=6983
